Behind me there is a small stream of water called Strid.
There are a lot of Strits in Britain,
But this is the Wharfe River, in Bolton Abbey, in Yorkshire.
And it seems to me that this is the most dangerous stream on the Earth.
This is a very sudden statement, I know.
Certainly, there are rivers that have claimed more lives,
and there are fast and waterfalls that few boats could navigate.
But normally, you can see them.
This just seems like an innocent stream in the middle of a forest.
You could jump over. Many people do it.
But if the jump fails, it kills you.
This is the river about one hundred meters further up.
The same river The same water
Thanks to the geology of the place, the river basically turns on itself,
Dig tunnels and passages on the rocks below.
These streams are actually hanging:
there is no bed below the surface,
It is a deep mass of fast and deadly currents.
It is said that falling has a 100% mortality rate
But there is no way to confirm this, of course,
"local man does NOT die in the river" would never be a news item,
but that has taken many lives:
It is even said that a boy of the XXII century,
what would be the future king of Scotland,
He died trying to jump to the other side of these waters.
And any thing or person that falls
it probably would not come out in a recognizable way:
it will spray against the rocks under water
over and over again.
I would try to put a camera inside,
but then I should get close to the edge.
And the edge is not sharpened, it simply turns to the water
And it's covered with slippery moss.
In addition, the water is opaque and peat,
so there would be nothing.
Can you survive? Maybe, with a lot of equipment and lots of luck.
And you will find testimonies of recklessness
They have swam in the most calm areas in the background on drier days,
But there it is a child lost their lives in 2010.
This is the reason why it is so dangerous.
It seems safe It seems tempting
And he will kill you.
Translated by Enric Carpintero